The BankingSystem class is responsible for creating and logging in to customer accounts, 
as well as viewing the profitability of the banking system. 

CustomerAccount is responsible for creating wallets, deleting wallets, viewing wallet details, 
transferring money, logging out, and logging out of accounts.

The Wallet class is a parent class that is responsible for recording the wallet balance, the 
basic operation of wallet transfer. Based on the Wallet class we derived the DailyUseWallet 
class, SavingWallet class, HolidaysWallet class and MortgageWallet class. These subclasses 
are used to represent different types of wallets. The main difference is to check the legality
of the operation when operating a wallet.

Fee is responsible for the deduction of taxes generated by transactions and the recording of 
bank income. The count method is used to calculate taxes in different ways according to the 
types of transactions. It is a good choice to separate the category of Fee. If the calculation 
method of tax and Fee needs to be changed later, the purpose can be easily achieved by modifying 
the fee.

The Transaction class is a simple class that records the transactions of a wallet, including the type and
amount of the transaction.

In order to ensure the robustness of the system, we designed the program to include many checks.
To prevent duplicate user names, the checkUserName method is used at user creation time to iterate 
through all customer accounts currently registered with the bank account, requiring the user name 
to be re-entered in case of duplicate user names.To ensure the validity of the wallet operation, 
we examine whether the transaction type is supported by check method and whether the balance supports the 
transaction by examine method.To prevent sending money to non-existent users or wallets, we always check 
the presence of the target account each time we operate.To ensure that the amount entered in the wallet
operation is a number, we use a try except exception detection.

Bonus question:
    The encryption policy adopts the method of string encryption. The ASCII code of each character in 
the string is increased by 2 and the whole string is moved to the right by three digits. The encryption 
algorithm is located in the save method of the BankingSystem class.